Step 1:


Some strengths that I have or that are currently under development are programming, whether that’s in Java, Python, C, or even SQL. 
I also have strong communication skills so that I can facilitate discussion or collaboration in projects with team members from all kinds of backgrounds. 
Another one of my strengths is that I have a passion for learning new things and constantly adapting–something that this field calls for with the neverending environmental changes. 


Step 2:


Some values that I look to improve are protecting users from malicious attacks and malware. 
This is because I have relatives who aren’t too tech savvy that I feel morally obligated to protect. 
Going deeper in this field will help me understand the myriad of software to the point where I can recommend some actions that will help mitigate risk. 


Step 3:


What most interests me about the field of cybersecurity?
* One of my main interests in the field of cybersecurity is the constantly changing environment and working with like-minded, talented people.
This will enhance my problem-solving skills and working with talented people and finding workarounds, throwing out different ideas, and working together to overcome a specific goal is something that I value.


Who is the audience for my professional statement (e.g. cybersecurity recruiters, specific organizations, government employers, etc.)?
* The audience for my professional statement is probably the recruiters whom I want to show this cybersecurity certificate. 
I want to make myself stand out so that I can get my foot in the industry.

In what ways can my strengths, values, and interests in cybersecurity support the security goals of various organizations? 

* Successful collaboration and effective communication between team members will help organizations carry out security audits and thus, mitigate risk. 
This can protect valuable assets and PPI / SPPI, and it can ensure the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of the mentioned assets within the organization. 


Professional Statement:


Hello world! My name is Joon. 
I am a highly motivated and passionate aspiring security analyst who constantly enhances my problem-solving and communication skills by collaborating with team members and 
serving organizations with the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of valuable assets to protect sensitive information and mitigate risk.
